Getting ready for the release. (#17242)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-java: sdk/servicebus/azure-messaging-servicebus/CHANGELOG.md

# Release History

## 7.0.0-beta.7 (2020-11-06)
### New Features

> - Added auto lock renew feature. Message or session lock will renew automatically.
> - Added auto complete feature. Message will complete or abandon automatically.
> - Session Receiver : accept session before start receiving.
> - Added ServiceBusProcessorClient

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added automatic message and session lock renewal feature on the receiver clients. By default, this will be done for 5 minutes.
- Added auto complete feature to the async receiver clients. Once the client completes executing the user provided callback for a message, the message will be completed. If the user provided callback throws an error, the message will be abandoned.
- An intermediate SessionReceiverClient is introduced to act as the factory which can then be used to accept sessions from the service. Accepting a session would give you the familiar receiver client tied to a single session.
- Added ServiceBusProcessorClient which takes your callbacks to process messages and errors in an infinite loop. This also supports working with sessions where you can provide the maximum number of sessions to work with concurrently. When the client no longer receives any messages from one session, it rolls over to the next available session.
```

Author: done

# Release History

## 7.0.0-beta.7 (2020-11-06)
### New Features
- Added automatic message and session lock renewal feature on the receiver clients. By default, this will be done 
  for 5 minutes.
- Added auto complete feature to the async receiver clients. Once the client completes executing the user provided 
  callback for a message, the message will be completed. If the user provided callback throws an error, the message 
  will be abandoned.

> - An intermediate SessionReceiverClient is introduced to act as the factory which can then be used to accept sessions 

Reviewer 2: ServiceBusSessionReceiverClient

  from the service. Accepting a session would give you the familiar receiver client tied to a single session.
- Added ServiceBusProcessorClient which takes your callbacks to process messages and errors in an infinite loop. This 
  also supports working with sessions where you can provide the maximum number of sessions to work with concurrently. 
  When the client no longer receives any messages from one session, it rolls over to the next available session.

> ### Breaking Changes

Reviewer 2: I remember two break changes related to session. Not sure about others.
We removed all methods that have sessionId as an argument on ServiceBusReceiverClient and the async client.
The client builder after receiver() removed sessionId and maxConcurrentSessions

   sessions from the service. Accepting a session would give you the familiar receiver client tied to a single session.
- Added `ServiceBusProcessorClient` which takes your callbacks to process messages and errors in an infinite loop. This 
  also supports working with sessions where you can provide the maximum number of sessions to work with concurrently. 
  When the client no longer receives any messages from one session, it rolls over to the next available session.
- Added `BinaryData` in `ServiceBusReceivedMessage` and `ServiceBusMessage`. `BinaryData` is convenience wrapper over
  byte array and provides object serialization functionality.
- Added `ServicebusReceiverException` and `ServiceBusErrorSource` to provide better handling of errors while receiving 
  messages.

### Breaking Changes
- Changed `receiveMessages` API to return `ServiceBusReceivedMessage` instead of ServiceBusReceivedMessageContext in 
  `ServiceBusReceiverAsynClient` and `ServiceBusReceiverClient`.
- Removed `SendVia` option from `ServiceBusClientBuilder`. See issue for more detail 
  [16942](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/16942).

> - Removed `sessionId` setting from `ServiceBusSessionReceiverClientBuilder` and moved it to 
>   `ServiceBusSessionReceiverAsyncClient`.
> - Removed `maxConcurrentSessions` from `ServiceBusSessionReceiverClientBuilder` and moved it to 
>   `ServiceBusSessionProcessorClientBuilder`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed `sessionId` setting from `ServiceBusSessionReceiverClientBuilder` as the intermediate clients 
  `ServiceBusSessionReceiverClient` and `ServiceBusSessionReceiverAsyncClient` now have methods that would take the sessionId to get a receiver client bound to the session.
- Moved the `maxConcurrentSessions` setting from `ServiceBusSessionReceiverClientBuilder` to 
  `ServiceBusSessionProcessorClientBuilder` as the feature of receiving messages from multiple sessions is moved from the receiver client to the new `ServiceBusSessionProcessorClient`.
```

> - Renamed `tryAddMessage` to `tryAdd` in `ServiceBusMessageBatch`.

Reviewer 3: This should be "Renamed `tryAdd` to `tryAddMessage` in `ServiceBusMessageBatch`."

  
### Bug Fixes

> - ServiceBusAdministrationClient: Fixes serialization bug for creating and deserializing rules.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- `ServiceBusAdministrationClient`: Fixes serialization bug for creating and deserializing rules.
```

### Dependency Updates
- Upgraded `azure-core` dependency to `1.10.0`.

> - Upgraded `azure-core-experimental` dependency to `1.0.0-beta.8`.

Reviewer 3: Was this an upgrade or new addition?

   sessions from the service. Accepting a session would give you the familiar receiver client tied to a single session.
- Added `ServiceBusProcessorClient` which takes your callbacks to process messages and errors in an infinite loop. This 
  also supports working with sessions where you can provide the maximum number of sessions to work with concurrently. 
  When the client no longer receives any messages from one session, it rolls over to the next available session.
- Added `BinaryData` in `ServiceBusReceivedMessage` and `ServiceBusMessage`. `BinaryData` is convenience wrapper over
  byte array and provides object serialization functionality.
- Added `ServicebusReceiverException` and `ServiceBusErrorSource` to provide better handling of errors while receiving 
  messages.

### Breaking Changes
- Changed `receiveMessages` API to return `ServiceBusReceivedMessage` instead of ServiceBusReceivedMessageContext in 
  `ServiceBusReceiverAsynClient` and `ServiceBusReceiverClient`.
- Removed `SendVia` option from `ServiceBusClientBuilder`. See issue for more detail 
  [16942](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-java/pull/16942).

> - Removed `sessionId` setting from `ServiceBusSessionReceiverClientBuilder` to the intermediate clients.
> - Moved the `maxConcurrentSessions` setting from `ServiceBusSessionReceiverClientBuilder` to 
>   ServiceBusSessionProcessorClientBuilder` as the feature of receiving messages from multiple sessions is moved from the
>   receiver client to the new `ServiceBusSessionProcessorClient`.
> - `ServiceBusSessionReceiverClient` and `ServiceBusSessionReceiverAsyncClient` now have methods that would take the 
>   sessionId to get a receiver client bound to the session.
> - Renamed `tryAdd` to `tryAddMessage` in `ServiceBusMessageBatch`.

Reviewer: > `ServiceBusSessionReceiverClient` and `ServiceBusSessionReceiverAsyncClient` now have methods that would take the sessionId to get a receiver client bound to the session.

This is not a breaking change, because the "session receiver client" itself is new. We have already captured this in the "New features"

```suggestion
- Removed `sessionId` setting from `ServiceBusSessionReceiverClientBuilder` as creating receiver clients bound to a single session is now a feature in the new intermediate clients 
`ServiceBusSessionReceiverClient` and `ServiceBusSessionReceiverAsyncClient`
- Moved the `maxConcurrentSessions` setting from `ServiceBusSessionReceiverClientBuilder` to 
  ServiceBusSessionProcessorClientBuilder` as the feature of receiving messages from multiple sessions is moved from the
  receiver client to the new `ServiceBusSessionProcessorClient`.
- Renamed `tryAdd` to `tryAddMessage` in `ServiceBusMessageBatch`.
```
